gh-134939: Add the interpreters Module (#133958)
python/cpython: Doc/library/concurrent.interpreters.rst

> :mod:`concurrent.!interpreters` --- Multiple Interpreters in the Same Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`!concurrent.interpreters` --- Multiple Interpreters in the Same Process
```

=============================================================================

.. module:: concurrent.interpreters

>    :synopsis: Multiple Interpreters in the Same Process

Reviewer 2: Headers in sentence case:

```suggestion
:mod:`!concurrent.interpreters` --- Multiple interpreters in the same process
=============================================================================

.. module:: concurrent.interpreters
   :synopsis: Multiple interpreters in the same process
```

.. moduleauthor:: Eric Snow <ericsnowcurrently@gmail.com>
.. sectionauthor:: Eric Snow <ericsnowcurrently@gmail.com>

.. versionadded:: 3.14

**Source code:** :source:`Lib/concurrent/interpreters.py`

--------------

Introduction
------------

The :mod:`!concurrent.interpreters` module constructs higher-level
interfaces on top of the lower level :mod:`!_interpreters` module.

.. XXX Add references to the upcoming HOWTO docs in the seealso block.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`isolating-extensions-howto`
       how to update an extension module to support multiple interpreters

   :pep:`554`

   :pep:`734`

   :pep:`684`

.. XXX Why do we disallow multiple interpreters on WASM?

.. include:: ../includes/wasm-notavail.rst

Key Details

> -----------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Key details
-----------
```

Before we dive into examples, there are a small number of details
to keep in mind about using multiple interpreters:

* isolated, by default
* no implicit threads
* not all PyPI packages support use in multiple interpreters yet

.. XXX Are there other relevant details to list?

> In the context of multiple interpreters, "isolated" means each
> interpreter shares no state between them.  In practice, there is some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of multiple interpreters, "isolated" means that
different interpreters do not share any state.  In practice, there is some
```

   .. method:: call(callable, /, *args, **kwargs)

      Return the result of calling running the given function in the
      interpreter (in the current thread).

   .. method:: call_in_thread(callable, /, *args, **kwargs)

      Run the given function in the interpreter (in a new thread).

Exceptions
^^^^^^^^^^

.. exception:: InterpreterError

   This exception, a subclass of :exc:`Exception`, is raised when
   an interpreter-related error happens.

.. exception:: InterpreterNotFoundError

   This exception, a subclass of :exc:`InterpreterError`, is raised when
   the targeted interpreter no longer exists.

.. exception:: ExecutionFailed

   This exception, a subclass of :exc:`InterpreterError`, is raised when
   the running code raised an uncaught exception.

   .. attribute:: excinfo

      A basic snapshot of the exception raised in the other interpreter.

.. XXX Document the excinfoattrs?

.. exception:: NotShareableError

   This exception, a subclass of :exc:`TypeError`, is raised when
   an object cannot be sent to another interpreter.

.. XXX Add functions for communicating between interpreters.

> Basic Usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Basic usage
```
